hi this is Durrani with foods 101 and
today we're making chicken kebab
I've got 1 pound of chicken now these
are just chicken tenders that I cleaned
I patted dry and I put here in a dish
that we're going to use to marinate
these chicken tenders in I've got a
tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil
here
1/4 of a cup of soy sauce I have 1
tablespoon of fresh minced garlic I have
1 tablespoon of light brown sugar
I've got peppercorns right here in the
bottom as you can see those little
peppercorns it's going to give the
chicken a lot of flavor and also we're
going to do acidic with a fresh lemon
back here are the skewers we're going to
add the chicken and the vegetables too
you see there's like a little sharp
point there you just add your chicken
onto here now if you don't have these
you can also use these bamboo skewers
and these bamboo skewers you probably
want to soak in water for about 30
minutes before you start threading your
chicken and your vegetables on it for
the grill because you don't want them to
burn now back here I've got red peppers
I've got yellow peppers I got a Vidalia
Onion and if you'd like to add mushrooms
or pineapples to your chicken kebabs
that would be fine but let's get this
marinated started so we can get this
back in the refrigerator because we're
going to let this chicken marinate for
about 2-3 hours so here we're going to
add the garlic the soy sauce the olive
oil
and your brown sugar and peppercorns now
the brown sugars in there so when you
put it on the grill you can get a little
bit of carmelization on your chicken as
its grilling you want to mix these
ingredients very well together and then
you're going to go ahead and pour them
right over here on your chicken tenders
now you can just buy chicken breast and
cut it into bite-size pieces this is
going to go back in the refrigerator I
forgot to add my lemon so let's go back
here I'm just cutting into here and you
can just take a fork stick it in there
move it around and give it a nice little
squeeze you won't have to worry about
the seeds getting into your your
marinating sauce here all right now
we're just going to go ahead move the
chicken tenders around so we can get
that marination on all sides of the
chicken tenders and google hoodies are
going to be yummy and as a matter of
fact for good measure I'm just going to
go ahead and I'm going to add this other
lemon the southern fresh lemon right in
here give the chicken nothing better
than women and chicken together one of
my favorite things with a little bit of
garlic and then we'll just move them
around yeah try to put your lemon into
your your sauce before you pour it over
the chicken bed if you forget like I
just did no big deal all right now these
are going to go covered just take some
plastic cover it up now it's back in the
refrigerator for a good two to three
hours and make sure it's covered very
well and I'll come back and I'll show
you how to cut up vegetables I am going
to cut up a red bell pepper a nice sweet
red bell pepper and as you know there's
smells and females when it comes to the
bell pepper world the male bell pepper
has four sections as you can see whereas
the female which is the yellow bell
pepper here only has three the females
with three sections are sweeter like in
salads or sauteing
where your mail bell peppers hold up a
little better with high heat so I'm
going to go ahead cut these into
bite-sized pieces as you can see and I'm
going to add this by alternating with
the chicken onto our kabobs now I've
decided that I am using a bamboo skewer
so we're going to just get these in
bite-sized pieces I have a Vidalia sweet
onion here just going to cut it in half
like this and then we're going to cut it
this way and then this way and pull out
that outer layer of skin nice layer pull
back and then what we're going to do is
we're going to cut these into just get
this out of the way
and we're going to cut these into
sections okay let's do four sections and
put them over here in our bowl now I'm
going to cut up the yellow bell pepper
and then I'm just going to go ahead and
add this to our Bowl as well now if you
want to add mushrooms or anything else
that's great but I'm also adding a
little sweetness of pineapples to our
kabob so I'm put that in there and the
reason that I'm putting all this in a
bowl is because I'm going to drizzle it
with a little olive oil and that way
it'll keep it nice and fresh and keep it
from burning so here go a little olive
oil we're just going to go ahead and
a little bit of kosher salt and a little
bit of fresh black pepper and give it a
toss
all right just going to give it a toss
and now I'm going to go over here and
tear those apart I'm going to go over
here in the refrigerator and I'm going
to get the chicken and we're going to
alternate the chicken and the vegetables
here on our skewers all right whew that
looks lovely I'll be back
alright I've taken my chicken that's
been marinating for about four hours out
of the refrigerator
and the best way to get your chicken and
your bell peppers and onions on the
skewers is just add a piece of chicken
first you're just going to thread it on
as you can see I thread I thread it on
since I've got tenders like this go
through it as you can see oh and that's
going to be a lovely piece of chicken to
munch into and then I'm just going to
add onions put your skewer right into
there slide it up now in all reality I
like to use two skewers together that
way when you put these on the grill
they're not going to roll around on you
but today I'm limited on my skewers so
I'm just adding I'm just choosing one
all right now don't jam your vegetables
and your chickens really close together
that way you'll have a little room in
between to where your vegetables and
your chicken can cook so I'm doing a
chicken tender I'm doing the onion red
bell pepper yellow bell pepper and then
I'm just going to thread on another
chicken tender
I've got my onion then I'm going to go
for a red pepper and then it's yellow
wow this smells so good what we've
marinating the chicken in and then also
in the end I'm just going to polish it
off with a couple of pineapples that way
we can have a little sweetness with our
chicken and our bell peppers and onions
all right look how beautiful that is
chicken onions red bell pepper yellow
bell pepper and then we got chickens and
red bell pepper yellow bell pepper and
you got your little pineapples and then
we'll put them over here on a cookie
sheet here's our chicken kebabs ready to
go on a grill on medium high heat for
the next 15 minutes and all you need to
do is turn it about every two to three
minutes and then after 15 minutes you're
going to have these fabulous delicious
grilled chicken kebabs ready for the
grill one at a time till you have them
all six on there and look house crumbs
just those are going to be now remember
to turn them every two to three minutes
three minutes are up and now it's time
to turn and if they stick a little bit
give them a wiggle flip them over Oh
looky there
see those grill marks on there whoo whoo
that's what we're looking for
hey then we can just tickle them around
flip it over and we've got about 13 12
hour minutes left and I'll come back and
show you the final results here we go
folks we're taking the kebab off the
skewer and here it go here's that
delicious chicken here's the yellow
peppers the red peppers the onions and
oh I'm going to take a bite hey listen
don't use a fork use your fingers let's
see what it's like mmm absolutely mmm
delicious
mmm then you have your red peppers
hey y'all give me thumbs up thanks for
watching I'll catch you next time this
is Geronimo foods 101